CAUSES:
		a)Autism(autism spectrum disorder):			
				A serious developmental disorder that impairs the ability to communicate and interact. Autism spectrum disorder impacts the nervous system and affects the overall cognitive, emotional, social and physical health of the affected individual.
					The range and severity of symptoms can vary widely. Common symptoms include difficulty with communication, difficulty with social interactions,
				obsessive interests and repetitive behaviours.
				 	Early recognition, as well as behavioural, educational and family therapies may reduce symptoms and support development and learning.
				
				Common(More than 1 million cases per year (India))

				Can't be cured, but treatment may help
				
				Chronic: can last for years or be lifelong
				Requires a medical diagnosis
				Lab tests or imaging often required
				
				SYMPTOMS:

				People may experience:
				Behavioural: inappropriate social interaction, poor eye contact,
				compulsive behaviour, impulsivity, repetitive movements, self-harm, or
				persistent repetition of words or actions
				Developmental: learning disability or speech delay in a child
				Muscular: poor coordination or tic
				Cognitive: intense interest in a limited number of things or problem paying
				attention
				Psychological: unaware of others' emotions or depression
				Speech: speech disorder or abnormal tone of voice
				Also common: lack of empathy, anxiety, or sensitivity to sound

		b)Cerebral Palsy:
				A congenital disorder of movement, muscle tone or posture.Cerebral palsy is due to abnormal brain development, often before birth.
				Symptoms include exaggerated reflexes, floppy or rigid limbs and involuntary motions. These appear by early childhood.
				Long-term treatment includes physical and other therapies, drugs and sometimes surgery.

      			Common(More than 1 million cases per year (India))
				Can't be cured, but treatment may help
				Requires a medical diagnosis
				Lab tests or imaging often required
				Chronic: can last for years or be lifelong

				People may experience:
				Muscular: abnormality walking, difficulty walking, difficulty with bodily movements, increased muscle activity, involuntary movements, muscle
				rigidity, muscle weakness, permanent shortening of muscle, poor coordination, problems with coordination, rhythmic muscle spasm, stiff muscles, muscle spasms, overactive reflexes, or paralysis of one side of the body
				Developmental: failure to thrive, learning disability, low birth weight, slow
				growth, or speech delay in a child
				Foot: constantly walking on tip toe or difficulty raising the foot
				Speech: speech disorder or stuttering
				Also common: difficulty swallowing, drooling, epilepsy, leaking of urine,
				limping, paralysis, physical deformity, scissor gait, seizures, spastic gait,
				stiffness, or tremor.
		c)The childhood disintegrative disorder (CDD):
				 also known as Heller's syndrome and disintegrative psychosis, is a rare condition characterized by late onset of developmental delays in language, social function, and motor skills. Researchers have not been successful in finding a cause for the disorder. CDD has some similarity to autism, and is sometimes considered a low-functioning form of it.
		d)hyperactivity disorder:



		e)Schizephrenia:



		f)childhood disintegrative disorder:


		g)dyslexia: