ABOUT US:
		Vision :
			To Create an environment in which persons with disabilities and their families are supported and fully accepted with equal rights into society.

		Mission:
			Support persons with Neurological developmental disabilities and their families through services and trainings. We provide an enabling environment to help Persons with Disabilities become empowered and live meaningful lives.

				Goal 1- Services and Training for Employment 
				Goal 2 Enabling Environment
				Goal 3: Empowering Young Adults PWD for Meaningful life



		Vocational unit work plan for Training and Employment The objectives are:
			1.To Operate a vocational training programmed for Life skills training for all young adults above 18 years of age.
			2.Teach 2 vocational skills to each person; We will need to appoint new staff in some of the above areas.
			3.Research 2 new skills every year.
			4.Train the students in work ethics.
			5.To train 2-3 people for outside employment.
			6.Employment of persons with disabilities- To Build up an Employment Cell- employ a marketing person, to contact corporate sector; placement of MBA     students.
			8.Teach computer skills to 10 children/Adults per year-this has been introduced in 2013; we require the salary of a computer person, to train the students.
			9.To develop Cultural & extracurricular activities for Leisure time and recreation.
			10.To develop skills in sports and yoga.
			11.Develop a Self Advocacy Team: 6-8 young students are already part of this team and have been giving letters to officials and/or help with audits for 12.a Barrier free environment in Gwalior; we need to provide them with leadership training and invite 2-3 Persons as role models for motivation.
			13.Organize staff training for vocational work.
			14.Support the Mothers Group to develop a business plan and business enterprise Hold initial meetings to develop and take forward the Jewellery business idea.
			15.Strengthen the Parent Groups: 3 Parent Association have been registered in Gwalior with the help of the Administration, they need to be affiliated to the National Trust and Parivaar. Invite active outstation parents/associations to advise and guide the local groups; seek support from the local administration.			     