Staff Profile:

       Director of services – Ms. Manjula Patankar
       She has worked in varoius projects, as a special Educator Superior and Co-ordinator, for 15 years at the Spastics Society N. India a diploma in special education 1985; certificate in alternative and augmentative communication movement and yoga for children with special needs – UK, and drama therapy; she is Member International Society for Alternative and Augmentative Communication; Member of the National Trust, local level committiee Gwalior; and is also associated with a number of other social and welfare institutions in Gwalior and at national level.

       Deputy Director of services – Ms. Priti Kapoor
       She is special educator trained in 1983 by NCERT as a key person in the integrated education of the disabled. She brings in her experience at the Spastics Society of Northern India, where she functioned as deputy head of a project, special educator in a rural project and as lecturer in the post graduate diploma in special education. She looks after the day to day functioning and training needs at ROSHNI.

Volunteers:
Ms. Bhavna Pandey
Mr. Chandrakant Saluke
Mrs. Devyani Halway, Mother
Mrs. Gayatri Bhonsle
Mr. Jagdish Kushwah
Mrs. Jyoti Purohit, Mother
Mrs. Jyotika Vale
Ms. Mandakini Naik
Mrs. Manju Solanki, Mother
Mrs. Nandita Singh
Mr. Neeraj Dwivedi
Mrs. Neeta Barucha
Mrs. Pooja Malhotra
Mrs. Radha Asthana, Mother
Mrs. Rekha Agarwal
Mrs. Ruchi Karera, Mother
Mr. Santosh Bhardwaj
Mrs. Shraboni Ghatak, Mother
Ms. Suneeta Dwivedi
Ms. Sunita Dubey
Mrs. Uma Phalke
Mrs. Urmila Sharma, Mother
Ms. Veena Sharma


Other members of the ROSHNI Team are:
Special Educators: Shubha Sardana, Shalini Gambhir, Leena Roy, Prashanti Rawat
Assistant Teachers: Nanda Kacker, Bhawna Dixit, Archana Sharma
Coordinator Therapy: Penny Fox O'Sullivan (Paediatric physiotherapist)
Developmental Therapist: Vivek Sharma
Physiotherapist: Saurabh Chauhan
Therapy Assistants: Ramsewak, Mamta Batham (National Trust Caregivers)
Co-ordinator CBR: Rakhi Asthana (Social worker)
Community Workers: Madhu Chauhan and Kiran Chauhan
Counsellor (Part time): Sanjay Chattopadhyaya
Administration and facilitation: Sanjay Pande
Accountant (part time): Rajiv Jain
Support Staff (Helpers): Meena Bai, Pista Bai and Kaptan Singh (Driver)

Friends of Roshni UK:
